- 👋 Hi, I’m @Meemaw4
- 👀 I’m interested in ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 📫 How to reach me ...
M
<!---
Meemaw4/Meemaw4 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
Excuse me I admit the book Computers for Dummies was wrote about me. I dare to venture into these low dollar stocks because the dollars get less. I'm a mom and meemaw in love with them all but will admit I'm on the worst rollercoaster in my life and sometimes I have to check and make sure I am but my grand babies do that job. I had an Angel pure as the driven snow and come the 21 it will be 2 yrs since I lost her the world did workplace bullying she was a spectacular cna and getting a promotion for med tec she was in college to be a RN and a model that she wouldn't do because she only wanted to help and love never had depression went through a few regular bullies but she always prayed for them until she had a vns machine in her for her epilepsy afterwards you have a time period that you can have one until they get the machine level back up and she had one and let's just say the usual didn't bully this time it was a different few and the manager that it was reported to and did nothing but of course she was just a nurse covering that week for the real manager so she joined in and was probably the worse in my daughters eyes but I wouldn't know but they acted as her friend they were my age over 50 and the things they did to her was so evil and vile my Angel was premature went into cardiac arrest at 12months after getting chicken pox at 2wks and being in the hospital because they went in her blood stream . She had epilepsy so bad so many a day that when the vns machine came out they fought hard for her she was 4yrs behind everyone and children were not to get that machine till absolutely youngest 12 but with all she had already been through coming early ruptured my uterus lack of oxygen cardiac arrest we almost lost her during a few seizures had a couple surgeries and everyone that got together didn't know how she was alive with all the Sezier medications and still having them so at the age of 9 right after loosing her mawmaw she was the youngest child in the U.S. to receive the 
Vagus Nerve Stimulator. She was repeating the 3rd grade at that time you can only keep letting them go so far. Schools always need a label but for her it was all health nothing else came up she went through pt st and was placed in speacial Ed and though she was already like night and day by the time she started middle school she spent a few months in special needs mainly for reading. She was raised a God fearing woman and growing up with Epilepsy myself I always told her she could do anything through him and never let her tell her she can't. She can accomplish anything in this world she sets her mind too and 1st Momma I'm not graduating with a special Ed diploma I love your students because I did severe and profound so my kids would really know the true love of all she just said I can't be what I want if I do. She worked so hard and got out of special Ed and making good grades. Her Junior year of High school she was hospital home bound she was so sick thought at first she was having her migraines through her stomach along her head didn't know you could have them there other symptoms found out with scope she had ulcers and reflux stil just not better so did a scope in her colon and found 2 cancerous polyps and started having tachy issues with her heart all her mommas issues. They got everything fixed her all up and truly Healing Hands from our Lord above and her senior year you'd never know she didn't miss a day got that award and award for absolutely most improved 100% approved by all teachers. She got a CNA scholarship after school and graduated was finally granted to get her license and started college and was doing great and she'd be a RN by now. She was my baby daughter but also we were best friends and she told me everything until the fatal moment she couldn't think. Done something she hated knew the pain and would've never left me she didn't like being away one night because of my health and a brand new nephew she couldn't stay away from.Jealousy cause she worked so hard and they chose to stay CNA and get mad at her because the residents wanted her every night not understanding 
they had a schedule but she'd still read their bibles to them each night and visit on off days just so she could show some of them so light that never got it. I've not been in any kind of shape it's just gotten worse since corona because the only thing that kept me out of bed or the hospitals was focusing on Calli's Law It flabbergasted us all that out of all 50 states only 3 have a workplace bully law and as hard as I know they worked on it it's still doesn't protect enough not enough substance and only 1 other for my same reason is better but unfortunately it has to many holes I've been told. It's all about the wording one you can leave out or one you could've accidentally added. A bunch of us was to go to the Capital the week after we were shut in and they've kept it so safe cause of riots etc I couldn't get in and it looks like another shut in is coming. A law won't bring her back but I pray it would help the next her or him and save the parents the feeling of emptiness and loss we feel just waiting for God to come back. We just need a chance to see if all our leaders here on earth can listen to my daughters story with what was done to her and refuse a law for Georgia to start with cause I want it to go all the way. Not to mention we were told it was at least a FBI case because it is against the law to bully someone with a disability and Epilepsy seizures is listed as one of the disabilities so we had an appointment in Atlanta at the FBI and we told our very fresh story that they would've had evidence to and he non chanatley said he really didn't need to know all just if anyone hit her and we told him no not that we knew of yet we were still getting information and his reply is I'm sorry but if you don't get hit it's not bully! Makes you wonder about him? But I hear we ever have some bad FBI they'd rather sit in their offices than do something about an Angel's death over 400 at her funeral standing room only the pastor had counted the seats he put out fire trucks ambulance out of service and first responder truck from the county she lived in and 3 surrounding cities. When I say she was an Angel of everyone here I was even contacted by people she 
Had met in DollyWood and befriended on Facebook and she had made such an impact on them she was like a magnet for people and you fell in love with her. She didn't have a hateful bone truly goodness love and mercy filled her soul. All my babies are beautiful loving and giving I've been Blessed with them. Things happen in life and we think we'll never survive because you just don't know or believe your as strong as our Father Thinks we are that got my Dr. into trying to get me to write a book yrs ago! You've been through so much in your life starting young that I believe could really help others but I know I only made it because my faith knowing Jesus never left me though I got angry a few times but no more after loosing my momma not this time and it has shocked so many but why would I get angry at the people I know for sure how I feel and I needed that from him to grieve for me while I grieve for her not get upset cause I do it different but I just needed to lay here with faith and feel his comfort. I knew God and Mary felt my pain and he would stay. Was it always that simple sounding No sometimes it was me feeling all alone but him and I wanted my daughter so the thought was he'd stay with me while I didn't wake or I'd bleed out. My mind would and still goes on the worst rollercoaster and drop you upside down under water so your drowning and your having panic attacks before all that. Your heart rate its favorite place is around 180 and they thought it was bad before and can't find a medicine to work without messing something else up. I'm allergic to a lot but mine and my daughters Dr. was out so the PA told me after your last heart attack and your heart rate staying that high if you start having chest pain's you need to go straight to the hospital well I didn't have chest pain's with mine a few yrs ago my daughter diagnosed I had pain in my back and got sick but I didn't tell him that I asked the crushing chest pain since the day I lost her cause I wouldn't be able to tell you. I had already found out the week I lost her Broken Heart Syndrome was real and it can cause more damage to a bad heart and this kind of grief can do the same to your body. It destroys marriages but Thank God we are holding on! I live in a huge house with two men neither will talk my husband or my dad and I need to talk she was here not just the bad though I have to work through that too but I want to talk about the good stuff. One reason I stay in bed is I mention her I get cut off they worry about me but what they don't realize is what my Dr. told my husband his so called protectiveness has left me alone when he talks to them at work and he went back to fire ems and worked like he did when the kids were home for a while like 4 24hr shifts a week and then go do a job or sleep till he went back at least we got that part straight. She still slept with me when her dad was at work.She went out on a few dates but if she didn't see anything on the 1st she came home and said nope not happening again. She knew what she wanted and she took a few off her ideal list.
She actually even fell in love her prom date but her brother married his older sister and both brothers wanted her to never date or her cousins because they said she was to good for anyone around. At the moment she was just focused on finishing college then her brothers well they'd just have to get out of her way because she accomplished all her goals so far even being signed as a model but they really wanted her for tv didn't think calls for mcgavyer would stop but she was doing what she loved. All she had left was getting her job at the hospital find her a good Godly man to marry and have a couple babies. Nurse wife momma she wasn't asking for much. What it did to all the closest still can't come she won't be here. The few that do it's like come and run. People don't call or come like they say they don't know what to say I've learned but they don't have to just come be especially in my situation and if they feel the need to ask or mention her do it cause 1 of the 2 couples want and need to talk usually the mother but not always sometimes the daddy was closer and more of a care giver but close people will know who's who and also if you have a situation like my daughter and I where you were connected at the hips you look like twins your just alike the mother like me I had a c/section and it was like someone sliced me open again but this time stole her and left my body empty like that's all that was left of me was this body and our souls were connected so mine went with her. My husband and I had already suffered from ptsd now called ptss and her siblings and others closest to her that in itself is hard enough to navigate between yourselves I know it's something we couldn't do without God walking with us. They've said it takes up to a few yrs before things resemble any sort of life to us and things will never be the same,We will forever live on a rollercoaster but one day after these yrs we will catch ourselves laughing feeling joy and we'll feel like we have hurt her or think for a moment we forgot but we didn't That's God too showing you joy just what she would want It will probably be something that reminds us all of a Beautiful memory of her and I can finally talk to everyone about her cause we'll all be thinking the same thing. 
We'll have days where we think we're ok then out of no where we'll be hit by a bust and feel paralyzed in bed. I Praise God for bringing us this far and his Promise to forsake us and Through it all I Praise him for choosing me to be their momma
